README.md, before:

<!-- ## Locate your address on map

app for locating your exact address on map with lat lon

#### License

MIT -->


###Introduction:

App for locating your exact address on map with lat lon<br>
Features:

1. User will be able to sync google's primary calendar of selected account.
2. User can create and updates the records, from google to erp and Vice Versa.


###Depends on
- frappe (To install: [bench page](https://github.com/frappe/bench) )
- python module: requests

###Installation
Note: Compatible with frappe 5 and above.

1. bench get-app map [https://github.com/gangadhar-kadam/map.git](https://github.com/gangadhar-kadam/map.git)
2. bench install-app map<br>or install from frappe desk installer.
3. bench migrate


###Configuration Steps


####Enable the Google Calendar API
![Google Console](gcal/public/images/google console.png)

<b>Set redirect uri as,</b> `{Your Server Url}/api/method/gcal.gcal_sync.doctype.sync_configuration.sync_configuration.get_credentials` <br>
<b>JavaScript origins : </b> `{Your Server Url}`

More on google developer console, [Google Developer Console](https://developers.google.com/console/help/new/)

####Setup Google Calendar API credentials
<br> <b> Goto GCal Sync > GCal Secret : </b>  Set Client Id and Client Secret
![GCal Sync > GCal Secret](gcal/public/images/GcalSecret.png)

####Setup individual profile
<br>
1. Login with own frappe user credentials
2. Goto, Gcal Sync > Sync Configuration List > Create New Record.

![Gcal Sync > Sync Configuration List > Create New Record](gcal/public/images/SyncConfig.png)

Commit message:

resolved bug of reverse geocoding and added api key in settings.

README.md, after:

<!-- ## Locate your address on map

app for locating your exact address on map with lat lon

#### License

MIT -->


###Introduction:

App for locating your exact address on map with lat lon<br>
Features:

1. User will be able to sync google's primary calendar of selected account.
2. User can create and updates the records, from google to erp and Vice Versa.


###Depends on
- frappe (To install: [bench page](https://github.com/frappe/bench) )
- python module: requests

###Installation
Note: Compatible with frappe 5 and above.

1. bench get-app map [https://github.com/gangadhar-kadam/map.git](https://github.com/gangadhar-kadam/map.git)
2. bench install-app map<br>or install from frappe desk installer.
3. bench migrate


###Configuration Steps


####Free sign up for genoanmes API
![Google Console](gcal/public/images/google console.png)

<b>Set redirect uri as,</b> `{Your Server Url}/api/method/gcal.gcal_sync.doctype.sync_configuration.sync_configuration.get_credentials` <br>
<b>JavaScript origins : </b> `{Your Server Url}`

More on google developer console, [Google Developer Console](https://developers.google.com/console/help/new/)

#### API key in map settiongs
<br> <b> Goto Map  > setup > Map Settings: </b>  Set Api Key here.
![GCal Sync > GCal Secret](gcal/public/images/GcalSecret.png)

#### Add link field of "Locate Address On Map" on any form
